README.md, before:

# Migaku Japanese Addon Updated
This project is an unofficial fork of the [Migaku Japanese Addon](https://github.com/migaku-official/Migaku-Japanese-Addon) aiming to be compatible with Anki 2.1.50+ (Qt6).
The plan for this project is to regularly update the addon in order for it to work with the latest Anki version.   
I personally don't want to make any big improvements or implement new features, though feel free to create a PR/issue if you want to :).

## Changes
Changes from original project:
- Updated code to be compatible with Anki 2.1.50+ (Qt6 edition).
- Removed the Migaku message popup at startup.
- Added better descriptions to the generation buttons in the edit-card view.
- In the card browser under 'Edit', changed the name of the generation action to include `(Migaku Japanese)` so it's clear this action is from this addon.
- Changed the About page to make it clear this is a fork. Also include the new version at the title of the Migaku window.

Currently, the following functionality is broken (not sure if these were already broken in the original):
- (linux) Generation of Pitch Graphs.
- (linux) Generation of audio to Clipboard.

## Installation
### Uninstalling the previous version and installing the new Anki version
Note: all settings, except for the 'Overwrite Rules', will be removed during this process. Make sure you have noted down your current settings or made screenshots before
proceeding.
1. Uninstall the previous Migaku Japanese Addon: go to `Tools` > `Add-ons`, select Migaku Japanese Addon and click `Delete`.  
1.1. You can also open the addons folder in this screen which we will use in step 5, click on `View Files`.
2. Close Anki.
3. Download and install Anki 2.1.54 (Qt6) or newer from the [Anki website](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).

### Installation of this addon
4. Download the Zip file from the [releases page](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated/releases) (the top one listed unser Assets, not the source code).
5. Open de Zip file and move the `Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated` folder into the `addons21` folder (you may have opened this folder in step 1.1).
6. Start Anki.
7. Go to `Migaku` > `Japanese Settings` to configure your settings.

## Contributing and bug reports
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Create an issue if you found a bug (please make sure you are using Anki version 2.1.50 or later in the QT6 edition).
- Create pull requests.
- Participate in the [discussions](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated/discussions).

## Credits
I would like to sincerely thank Migaku for creating the original addon and releasing the code under GPL-V3. They put in the hard
work and hours to create this addon, I simply updated the code so it works with the latest version of Anki.
Please check out Migaku on their [website](https://www.migaku.io/), [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/Migaku) and [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/ImmersewithMigaku).

## Licence
*Migaku Japanese Addon Updated* is

*Copyright © 2022 Mike Moolenaar  
*Copyright © 2020 Migaku ltd.

Migaku Japanese is free and open-source software. The add-on code that runs within Anki is released under the GNU GPLv3 license.  
Just like the original project, this fork is licenced under GPL-3.0. Please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon/blob/master/LICENSE) file that is accompanied by this program.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.

Commit message:

Add user manual link to README

README.md, after:

# Migaku Japanese Addon Updated
This project is an unofficial fork of the [Migaku Japanese Addon](https://github.com/migaku-official/Migaku-Japanese-Addon) aiming to be compatible with Anki 2.1.50+ (Qt6).
The plan for this project is to regularly update the addon in order for it to work with the latest Anki version.   
I personally don't want to make any big improvements or implement new features, though feel free to create a PR/issue if you want to :).

## Changes
Changes from original project:
- Updated code to be compatible with Anki 2.1.50+ (Qt6 edition).
- Removed the Migaku message popup at startup.
- Added better descriptions to the generation buttons in the edit-card view.
- In the card browser under 'Edit', changed the name of the generation action to include `(Migaku Japanese)` so it's clear this action is from this addon.
- Changed the About page to make it clear this is a fork. Also include the new version at the title of the Migaku window.

Currently, the following functionality is broken (not sure if these were already broken in the original):
- (linux) Generation of Pitch Graphs.
- (linux) Generation of audio to Clipboard.

## Installation
### Uninstalling the previous version and installing the new Anki version
Note: all settings, except for the 'Overwrite Rules', will be removed during this process. Make sure you have noted down your current settings or made screenshots before
proceeding.
1. Uninstall the previous Migaku Japanese Addon: go to `Tools` > `Add-ons`, select Migaku Japanese Addon and click `Delete`.  
1.1. You can also open the addons folder in this screen which we will use in step 5, click on `View Files`.
2. Close Anki.
3. Download and install Anki 2.1.54 (Qt6) or newer from the [Anki website](https://apps.ankiweb.net/).

### Installation of this addon
4. Download the Zip file from the [releases page](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated/releases) (the top one listed unser Assets, not the source code).
5. Open de Zip file and move the `Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated` folder into the `addons21` folder (you may have opened this folder in step 1.1).
6. Start Anki.
7. Go to `Migaku` > `Japanese Settings` to configure your settings.

## Contributing and bug reports
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Create an issue if you found a bug (please make sure you are using Anki version 2.1.50 or later in the QT6 edition).
- Create pull requests.
- Participate in the [discussions](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon-Updated/discussions).

## User manual
Migaku has published the original user manual of this add-on [here](https://legacy.migaku.io/tools-guides/migaku-japanese/manual/).
Almost everything is still relevant for this fork, except for the installation instructions.

## Credits
I would like to sincerely thank Migaku for creating the original addon and releasing the code under GPL-V3. They put in the hard
work and hours to create this addon, I simply updated the code so it works with the latest version of Anki.
Please check out Migaku on their [website](https://www.migaku.io/), [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/Migaku) and [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/ImmersewithMigaku).

## Licence
*Migaku Japanese Addon Updated* is

*Copyright © 2022 Mike Moolenaar  
*Copyright © 2020 Migaku ltd.

Migaku Japanese is free and open-source software. The add-on code that runs within Anki is released under the GNU GPLv3 license.  
Just like the original project, this fork is licenced under GPL-3.0. Please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/MikeMoolenaar/Migaku-Japanese-Addon/blob/master/LICENSE) file that is accompanied by this program.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
